README.md, before:

# IS601-CalculatorProject
### IS601 MiniProject #2 - Calculator
#### Contributor: Harrison Lu

This project is currently capable of running 6 basic functions:
1. Addition
2. Subtraction
3. Multiplication
4. Division
5. Square
6. Square Root

This uses both built-in functions and a CSV sheet to test the functionality of the calculator.


### Changelog:
[Log.csv](./log.csv)

|Hash   |User |Date/Time of Commit            |Change                                                                                                                            |
|-------|-----|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|05293b8|hl533|Fri, 1 Nov 2019 11:51:05 -0400 |EDIT: Made minor spacing/formatting changes per recommendation of pycharm to comply with Python standards.                        |
|ba826c7|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:38:48 -0400|TASK: Created basic README file                                                                                                   |
|eedc56f|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:32:55 -0400|FEATURE: Modified individual csv tests within calculatortests.py. tests run successfully now.                                     |
|b8c51ba|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:19:27 -0400|FEATURE: Inserted each csv test back from the CsvTestCodes.txt file back into CalculatorTests.py                                  |
|80a5dd2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:14:11 -0400|FEATURE: Combined all csvs into single master UnitTest csv                                                                        |
|db7b8f7|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 17:16:00 -0400|FEATURE: Added and tested each CSV Test Code and stored in CSVTestCodes.txt file. Made modifications to csv files for consistency.|
|6a889a2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 15:04:33 -0400|TASK: Modified Subtraction CSV Test in calculatortests.py. Was missing a Row(). Now working.                                      |
|318f2a2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 03:28:15 -0400|TASK: Added CsvTests and UnitTestSubtraction files, and added code to try to start using csvs in tests. Not working yet           |
|b9cdb0e|hl533|Fri, 25 Oct 2019 08:58:26 -0400|TASK: Added CsvReader file, edited files to no longer try to use pandas, and to use csvreader instead                             |
|86e4e8b|hl533|Fri, 18 Oct 2019 15:00:23 -0400|TASK: Added UnitTest Files                                                                                                        |
|eb133cd|hl533|Fri, 18 Oct 2019 14:52:51 -0400|FEATURE: Added Multiplication, Division, Square, and Square Root calculator functions and tests                                   |
|771b342|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 14:51:06 -0400|EDIT: added a missing line of code to CalculatorTests.py                                                                          |
|1cc44cb|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 14:41:10 -0400|FEATURE: Created and wrote code for Dockerfile, Calculator.py and CalculatorTests.py                                              |
|3ff491f|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 12:45:41 -0400|Task: Calculator from class made in Colab                                                                                         |
|a8da4ad|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 12:09:04 -0400|Initial commit

Commit message:

TASK: Revised Master Branch and README.md to reflect current iteration of the project: Stastical Calculations.

README.md, after:

# IS601-CalculatorProject
### IS601 MiniProject #2 - Calculator
#### Contributors: Harrison Lu and Roberto Rivera

This project will have 2 parts:

Basic Calculations:
1. Addition
2. Subtraction
3. Multiplication
4. Division
5. Square
6. Square Root

Statistical Functions:
1. Population Mean
2. Median
3. Mode
4. Population Standard Deviation
5. Variance of population proportion
6. Z-Score
7. Standardized score
8. Population Correlation Coefficient
9. Confidence Interval
10. Population Variance
11. P Value
12. Proportion
13. Sample Mean
14. Sample Standard Deviation
15. Variance of sample proportion

This uses both built-in functions and CSV data sheets to test the 
functionality of the calculator.


### Changelog:
[Log.csv](./log.csv)

|Hash   |User |Date/Time of Commit            |Change                                                                                                                            |
|-------|-----|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|05293b8|hl533|Fri, 1 Nov 2019 11:51:05 -0400 |EDIT: Made minor spacing/formatting changes per recommendation of pycharm to comply with Python standards.                        |
|ba826c7|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:38:48 -0400|TASK: Created basic README file                                                                                                   |
|eedc56f|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:32:55 -0400|FEATURE: Modified individual csv tests within calculatortests.py. tests run successfully now.                                     |
|b8c51ba|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:19:27 -0400|FEATURE: Inserted each csv test back from the CsvTestCodes.txt file back into CalculatorTests.py                                  |
|80a5dd2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 20:14:11 -0400|FEATURE: Combined all csvs into single master UnitTest csv                                                                        |
|db7b8f7|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 17:16:00 -0400|FEATURE: Added and tested each CSV Test Code and stored in CSVTestCodes.txt file. Made modifications to csv files for consistency.|
|6a889a2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 15:04:33 -0400|TASK: Modified Subtraction CSV Test in calculatortests.py. Was missing a Row(). Now working.                                      |
|318f2a2|hl533|Thu, 31 Oct 2019 03:28:15 -0400|TASK: Added CsvTests and UnitTestSubtraction files, and added code to try to start using csvs in tests. Not working yet           |
|b9cdb0e|hl533|Fri, 25 Oct 2019 08:58:26 -0400|TASK: Added CsvReader file, edited files to no longer try to use pandas, and to use csvreader instead                             |
|86e4e8b|hl533|Fri, 18 Oct 2019 15:00:23 -0400|TASK: Added UnitTest Files                                                                                                        |
|eb133cd|hl533|Fri, 18 Oct 2019 14:52:51 -0400|FEATURE: Added Multiplication, Division, Square, and Square Root calculator functions and tests                                   |
|771b342|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 14:51:06 -0400|EDIT: added a missing line of code to CalculatorTests.py                                                                          |
|1cc44cb|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 14:41:10 -0400|FEATURE: Created and wrote code for Dockerfile, Calculator.py and CalculatorTests.py                                              |
|3ff491f|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 12:45:41 -0400|Task: Calculator from class made in Colab                                                                                         |
|a8da4ad|hl533|Thu, 17 Oct 2019 12:09:04 -0400|Initial commit
